# I Love Lamps - A Sample Sinatra App

I Love Lamps.com is a simple store for buying lamps of all kinds. You can see which lamps are available, view details about a particular lamp, and if you like, purchase a lamp.

## Files

### Ruby Files

* `server.rb` - The Sinatra server. Routes requests to particular actions and chooses which pages to render. Accesses the database of lamps.
* `lamp.rb` - A Lamp model. Contains logic for dealing with a particular lamp.
    * id
    * name
    * price
    * color
    * quantity
    * picture url

### Template Files

* `layout.erb` - Boilerplate html for all pages. Page structure and common elements are contained here.
* `header.erb` - Logo and top navigation bar.
* `index.erb` - The front page, commonly called the "index" page. Lists all the available lamps a customer could buy and links to the details page.
* `lamp.erb` - Details for a particular lamp. Requires an `id` in the url to decide which lamp to display. Shows all properties of a lamp.
* `buy.erb` - Lamp purchasing page. If a lamp is in stock, shows a form to allow the user to purchase the lamp. Also requires an `id` in the url.
* `thankyou.erb` - Success page shown after the user purchases a lamp.

### Other Files

* `README.md` - This file. Simple documentation file in a slightly structured format.
* `Gemfile` - File listing all dependencies needed to run the app. Run the `bundle` command to install dependencies.
* `styles.css` - Style settings for the site.
* `public/img/lamps/` - Directory containing images of lamps. Filenames correspond to `lamp_id`.

Other files really aren't important for now. The Gemfile.lock is generated by the `bundle` command. Files named Bootstrap can be used to make the site look nicer. Glyphicons are used by Bootstrap.

## TODO / Feature List

* Show Available Lamps on the front page
* Simple Header with Logo
* Simple Page to Show Lamp Details
* Abstract Lamp into a Model
* Add critical info about the lamps: color, price, picture
* Create form to Buy Lamps
* Process Purchases on the Server (decrement quantity)
* Create Order Confirmation Page
* Resize the logo to fit the header.
* Add "back" links to Details and Buy pages.
* Don't let someone try to order if there are 0 lamps in stock.
* Create a "database" abstraction instead of a global array.
* Show error message if out-of-stock race condition occurs.
* Add "Restock Lamps" page under secret admin route: /admins/restock/:lamp_id
* Add Lamp Images to the Index and Buy page as Thumbnails
* Add Lamp Accessories: bulbs
* Track quantity of lamps sold per day. Show on /admins/sales
* Collect user information: Name, Email, Favorite Movie involving Lamps, Shipping Address
* Apply Bootstrap to the site. Create better nav bar. Center page.
* Add "Sale" item to front page. Special emphasis with pitch.

